Good afternoon
Good afternoon I am from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, where are you guys from
Russia Rostov-on-Don, the
account in Rostov-on-Don is doing
interesting things
to work, work, home, something. Here,
support the special operation.
there were a lot of cars with all sorts of sockets, they
went where they disappeared now, something is not
visible.
I’m sitting in one opposite my other one.
Show me where the seal is hanging on the car;
it’s just that everything was hooked up then
something once and removed, I can’t understand why
I don’t know how I picked up the
only thing in a row in Rostov left.
where is the
bulk of you look before everything was in the gait
everything was right so remember this moment
maybe there may be mobilization And you
all who were gait mobilized them
Yes, and they are no longer quite easily, and the
rest don’t want to cling to the gait,
but it’s getting
their own opinion,
or maybe they were
running away to Georgia to Kazakhstan Now,
I ca
n’t say that, they were clinging their tongues to
be lazy, it’s just that I’m somehow interested,
I remember I met with  Rostov was still
there in March June Yes, they showed me
Look, in short, there are cars all around there
now something is not there, you can’t
show what happened. The
riddle somehow didn’t even pay attention.
anyway, somehow they were for such people
disappeared, something people took off or these
cars disappeared, I don’t know
Well, I didn’t communicate with everyone in Rostov and there are also
more than two million people here,
all my friends, even if they drive without it,
they haven’t changed their mind yes yes
Well,
we can’t scan the opinions of all
people, so we saw damn it from whom
he knows now there’s already something like that,
why
some kind of breakdown happened That people
stopped making inclinations to cling,
as it were, for a year  passed some clinging
just from paper tape clinging
Well, if I picked up paper
tape, let's say No, I fought, I would
not update No, how did they go
?
how in general they
don’t care if they washed cars or not, it’s just for
me that’s just a very big
mystery Yes, why Somehow there was such a
patriotic upsurge, you demonstrate everything,
so they support for this operation there they
sculpted everything on cars for Cars and then
something quietly quietly  filmed
Those who didn’t support, they also didn’t
support, I understood, that is, most likely,
you just knock it, they all sculpted it just with
paper tape, they already washed the car and
decided not to cling a second time,
it’s quite possible I realized
that they stopped supporting something for this
operation today  day of course,
the biggest problem is by the way
mileage Yes, you need to merge you need to
see the rally there people saw  and that you have these
backs something you are not an endangered species
really that year yes look that year there was a
lot of everything there was something already no
again people will gather
it is necessary because now look
now I have heard such that there are
military registration and enlistment offices there too  they are very much looking for
those patriotic ones,
because all these liberals run away
to Georgia in Kazakhstan, they don’t want the
first portion of these Patriots, they
sent them to Ukraine, but they ran out of something there
and now
to Georgia to Georgia, how are you a man, I’m a
man, rude  speaking those who do not
consider themselves peasants if, roughly speaking, you,
for example, I am not against anyone there, not
against Dagestanis, Chechens, not
against Ukraine, because Ukraine is
our USSR, it can
be agreed by itself, and if you need to,
Yes, if you understand that you are a patriot
of your country, you will get up at any moment
and go, it’s clear that
it’s so nice to get killed there. I’m also such a
person, look.
then those who want
to go to the military registration and enlistment office have run out Yes, that's why, but
because most of our people are still in
retraining training and people are
still sitting there And where to
place them I just heard that the
military registration and enlistment offices are looking for precisely these Z
Patriots who are motivated
because they  they got it, they got
it, I don’t know where the information came from, see The
fact is that yes, because they got foreheads,
they caught anyone, they don’t want
to fight, they say, [ __ ] us, this war
is ours, but Z Patriot They understand
why it’s theirs, they’re kind of
motivated  and so now they want to recruit motivated people to the military registration and enlistment
offices Yes,
because Putin said a lot of
unmotivated fighters left their
positions so you need to take this
Patriots because each of these
Patriots he understands the goals of the special operation
so your patriots also left their positions
so look here
there are no backs at all, I understand correctly, wait,
I understand correctly that it could be that
these z-patries  when they announced
mobilization, they ran
to wash these sockets so that they somehow Well, don’t burn
so that you don’t come to the military registration and enlistment offices I say
take me away they tell you it’s too early to go
most of the backs Well, that’s it, I
want to find the reason why these makings
disappeared Maybe this is when
mobilization was announced  disappeared
no no no this has nothing to do with this, you can
say approximately a month when
you saw that something became less zetok
in the city,
they both drive and drive as they drove.
attention Well, you can tell me this
month, so I can’t understand either
when when this breakdown happened
Look what the situation is now
because of what Because a lot of people
came from the DPR LPR
decree
numbers that specifically refer to you
they hang
everyone who is yours  They were driving with plugs, they were already in the
barracks And now people are driving in your city;
backs, I also have this question why they didn’t
run away from their country Why did
they leave their country their people, roughly
speaking And most importantly, all adult
men, all guys who can Plow and
plow either help there or
support their patriotic side,
they ran away at the same time  here on the Russian
side, but at the same time they are doing
some dirty tricks here, I mean, they say there,
you know how it is, like, I’m a patriot, but I
’m here with my flags
running around either if you are a Patriot If you
want to help your country Be there on
your side  and I understand
someone will come to me in Russia now I
won’t let you down anywhere I will always
start here I understood correctly what
Putin did to protect them in the
Donbass of the Lugansk region and they ran away
here your guys are sent to die there
bakhmut until they sit out with you  in
Rostov before watering and here in Rostov
Voronezh
Moscow which money is I
agree when the woman leaves when the
child is pen  the sioners are like this. I agree
in general one hundred percent, but when
men are thrown and killed, I change into
women's clothes.
Decided to protect them, they ran away,
sit there And you have to die for them
there Donetsk,
I am a supporter of the fact that they should all be
deported back there, yes, it’s logical that
if it’s not that they lived there somewhere in the
iron region, they lived For the sake of them
, it started its own  in order to protect them, they
told us that it seems that there Yes, no,
Lugansk wants to fight there for their
independence, the Russians turn
out to be all sitting in different cities of
Rostov Yes, it’s cool that my acquaintances
Luhansk Donetsk They are doing just that
Yes, there are few of them, here are
some and the rest ran away  this is how it
turns out damn [ __ ] it turns out that
Putin is
watching you Putin
announce the mobilization wait Putin
should announce the mobilization of the pick-up  send
people from Samara there from Rostov from
Saratov and send them here, remember in Makeevka
on New Year's Eve they covered a hamer there a whole vocational school
with mobilized there Samara Saratov
That is, it turns out while these Donetsk people
left and Makeevsky you have in Rostov
Celebrated the New Year,
then your guys there in  Donetsk region was
covered with Hymers, damn it, what is
justice then I can’t understand
just like you
We are from Ukraine It’s not that we left for
Poland and the Poles are fighting for us here That is, it
turns out we are here in Ukraine and you
It turns out that
you should have been  to fight
Donetsk and Lugansk, they had to
fight for their Donetsk Luhansk Yes,
to protect him, but it turns out, damn it, I can’t
understand That is, Putin is now killing
Russian
peasants so that the Donetsk Lugansk ones
sit out in Rostov Voronezh What the
hell
Well, how are they under protection now so
right  they were primarily supposed
to defend their Donetsk Luhansk yes
Okay, I can explain on my fingers Let's
situation is the same as in Ukraine
I’ll explain to you why it’s not like Ukraine did
n’t attack anyone. For example, you
have Russia and Russia attacked Ukraine
to protect some kind of Donetsk
Luhansk region,
if an enemy came to your land, he
must rise and defend his land,
but a
huge part of this people are just
blown up and dumped Who to Europe Who to
Russia who in general God knows where
let's say yes Children and men again
You probably don't understand look at your
fingers I explain that was Russia
no one attacked Russia No one
attacked really
Russia decided to intervene to attack
Ukraine to  to protect two Ukrainian
regions from the rest of the Ukrainian regions,
it seems that these regions asked for
help to
fight
Ukraine  They want to sit in Russia
for a year Putin will soon be February 24, the year
sends Russian men
who have been living  I’m in my cities of
your acquaintances Yes, to die in Ukraine in
order to protect these men who
left Donetsk for Rostov, you know,
men from Russia go there and men from
Donetsk Luhansk go here and
don’t look to serve time Explain to me so look why
Putin does not return these people from
Donetsk Lugansk back to fight in
Donetsk Luhansk sends
you nobiks because they are not subject to conscriptions
as they are citizens of Russia They did not serve in the
Russian army So what Look
They are generally shorter they
can be mobilized because if
they return home this is the territory of
Russia I  they can’t be mobilized anywhere
[music] it
turns out I correctly understood that the guy
from Donetsk Luhansk now Wherever
he lives in Russia, they don’t call him up
because he didn’t serve in the Russian, I
saw such that you have these foreigners
who received citizenship there are different
Tajiks and  so on,
why are these guys
mobilized? Where did you see them?
protested against this so that this would not happen.
And why do you
get these citizens of Russia are divided into
several varieties and those who lived in
Russia can be thrown for slaughter and those
who lived in the Donetsk Luhansk
region whom you now consider
citizens of Russia Yes they can  you can take care of them,
it turns out
those who are subject,
I understand.
I will summarize in short the Rostov
Saratov Voronezh men will
die in the Donetsk Lugansk region, and
now the
Donetsk Lugansk men who
have arrived will marry their wives.
new men or from the Caucasus will
come there from Tajikistan from
Uzbekistan Well, you have less,
well, how many many are dying, many many
What kind of figure do you have
135 thousand Already shows Yes, only
initially it went in, I don’t know how much it
initially went somehow not interesting
plus 300 thousand before which they called yes
maybe yes and that she used
it will take 300 thousand yes it turns out we get 520 thousand with the wounded probably yes now with you Look here you count 35 wounded this is normal so With such an attitude as yours beat so there are fewer wounded because you have medicine At a bad level so you have tourniquets very many died yes yes they The question is who is fighting with you then That’s exactly who is fighting And where are the thousands Look at the entire front that was from the Kyiv region you were driven out from the Sumy Chernihiv Kharkov region remained on a small section of the front in fact Well, a section of about such a front of a thousand kilometers somewhere, you conduct active operations only where only on bakhmut try and all because you need the Donetsk region It doesn’t work anywhere else And in bakhmuti, too, something doesn’t work for you True, Prigozhin has already shown up stopped recruiting who is at war with you If we have such losses, so that's it. Yes, who have you already ended inside where they take this bakhmut bakhmut I don’t know already there for half a year they take everything  and the
bunnies ended because Prigogine
said that everything and the recruitment of Wagner convicts has been
suspended
no one is coming already Everyone knows that they are dying there in
batches they
saw something on the war, look for
days they saw under an angle what a breakthrough was for nothing
Where are you 31 units of our armored vehicles
put yours
Well, yes See Yes, it’s sad what you say
about it
put
I can show
So we work They film Well, look
, we have here Where is your
drones of yours, too, show you
our broken equipment in such a
quantity Why is it not here this is under an
angle  Yes, you saw this video for nothing, yes,
where the column was pierced by it, our artillery
smashed everyone who does not want yes 31 pieces of
equipment if 31 pieces of equipment, then
how many personnel were there,
not everyone died Well, yes, well, how much
Well, let there be 60 people
How many in  tank Crew 4 there 400
Where the BMP is moving Well, also at least 4
will be true
how many BMW-3 people,
let's do it if 30 pieces of equipment up to
4 people each  already 120, at least
120 of them, half of them died exactly there before
those who were able to escape the wounded, then they were
left, here you have massive
losses Yes, and there are a lot of them,
someone is at war then with you
set no Rostov
You saw this video where 31 pieces of
equipment
before that remember the assault on the crossing,
begging will definitely reward
these operators of yours who
filmed
regularly are awarded yes And we still
look and now we will still be given
these tanks leopards
Russia in Russia
they have such a policy,
therefore, they don’t give it right away, yes, that is, while they
are teaching pilots, what do you think, they
have been playing pilots this way all year already, and
now when the pilots are taught
to write,
now yes, for example, console yourself, for example, with
Khaimar they themselves taught How much
Khaim  placed the Russian peasants in the
middle, beat the truth,
not only it was time to sleep, they beat everywhere in
Donetsk Donetsk was not
there  it turns out to look
here at NATO technology, here is the same haima
dream how many hits 80 kilometers there or
how much yes, that is, outside the reach of
your artillery, that is, they came banged
banged banged away and everything and nothing you can
do some kind of pancake there 10 installations
there or 20 haima so  they changed the running
gear in the Kherson region, for example,
Well, I’m frying Zelensky will now return to
beg
with a pipe There he’s hammering and returning, a real
national hero is hammering What they gave us
all sorts of things there Yes, they’ll give you and they
will hammer you with these things and what will you
do Well, we’ll see, now
it takes time  it will show
in two weeks it will be like a year of a
special operation already Time has shown that you
have achieved
nothing but you have not achieved Zelensky
said that Crimea will take away what we have achieved
look very simply shut up no longer
want that it will arrive occupied also
like the end of flying the
end of the years of Crimea
[laughter]
Crimea I think  I'm not a military man Yes, but it
seems to me that Crimea will be taken earlier
somehow No
Lugansk  they will take this Melitopol first they will take
Melitopol they will kill your land
corridor to the Crimea as a result,
now you heard in Belgium the
training of Ukrainian operators of underwater
unmanned vehicles
is coming That is, those who then blew up the
Crimean bridge that attacked the
Sevastopol bay now
these operators are being massively trained
this is a little not underwater  drones
Sevastopol then an attack, too,
by these drones, that is, and
now it’s like this now it’s preparing
oil, so your fleet is strong,
your fleet in Sevastopol and
Novorossiysk will become scrap metal, so when they will be
prepared Well, this is it. We are still talking about the
future Yes  we can
fantasize, but we can see about the past
that in a year, in a year, Russia
got just a complete
failure, so to speak, lost equipment to Ukraine,
everyone gives and gives new equipment before we
fought with the old Soviet now we are fighting with the
new American new NATO Yes you are
fighting with old [ __ ]  which is left  in
your warehouses your equipment is deteriorating
, we are only getting better because we
were not given before three years ago we
didn’t have any hymers and
now there will be tanks now there
will be a plane the
worker will fit
in
for people,
people turn
troops how they leave How
will
your positions be beaten shorter through the narrow digs, we are still
fantasizing with
experts so we will look at the
fact that
you were buried there you were buried from there
you ran away it continues And I think it
will continue well go to the
military enlistment office I think  that
perhaps you are just in the Crimea